Az 10061 microsoft sentinel (#37079)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureSentinel/ReleaseNotes/1_5_51.md

> #### Scripts

Reviewer: Please view the "Packs/Jira/ReleaseNotes/3_0_0.md" file as a guideline for RN.

##### New: MicrosoftSentinelSetOwner

- New: This script is used by the *Microsoft Sentinel - default layout* in *Set Remote Owner* button. to set the owner in Microsoft Sentinel. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
- The `Owner` field can only be modified in XSOAR just when the `Mirroring Direction` in the Instance Settings is set to `Incoming` or `Incoming and Outgoing`.

##### New: MicrosoftSentinelSubmitNewComment

- New: This script is used by the *Microsoft Sentinel - default layout* in *Add Comment* button. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).
- Comments can only be added to XSOAR just when the `Mirroring Direction` in the Instance Settings is set to `Incoming` or `Incoming and Outgoing`.

##### MicrosoftSentinelConvertCommentsToTable

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.11.10.115186*.

- Improved implementation of the fields relevant to the layout of comments.

#### Incident Fields

##### New: Microsoft Sentinel Classification Reason

- New: New field in the *Close Form* for classification reason when the close reason is "False Positive". (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.8.0).

##### Microsoft Sentinel Owner

> - The owner field locked to changes. to change the owner field u can use the *Set Remote Owner* button to set the remote owner and the change will be shod in after the next mirror in iteration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now update the Owner field using the Set Remote Owner button; changes will be reflected after the next mirroring iteration.
```
